If you clicked on this episode, it's
because you want to make money on
Instagram in 2025. And you're in the
right place because this is what I geek
out over. Every single day, I obsess
over the Instagram algorithm and
figuring out the strategies to not just
help you get more views or followers,
but actually help you see a monetary
benefit, an ROI, an increase in revenue
or customers from your Instagram. And so
today's episode is going to be a crash
course on how to make money on
Instagram. In today's episode, I will
not be going into any advanced
money-making strategies on Instagram,
but instead, I will be focusing on the
different ways that you can make money
on Instagram. And at the end, I will
share my tips and best practices as to
how I would actually go about making
$10,000 on Instagram this year if I was
starting from scratch. First off, let me
begin by saying that if you clicked on
this episode because you wanted a
get-richqu scheme or you need $10,000 by
tomorrow, you're not really going to
find it in this episode. Uh, no. No way.
No. I'm a firm believer that if you want
to make money quickly online and you
don't already have an audience or a
community of people who trust you, it's
going to be really tough to do. So, if
that's you, if you're someone who
clicked on this episode, you don't have
an audience, you don't have any
followers, nobody trusts you, and you
need cash fast, then the only real ways
to go about doing that, and I'm being
totally honest right now, is to either
scam people, which obviously I would
never in a million years recommend, or
number two, resell something. Case in
point, I run a multi-million dollar
business through Instagram that teaches
other business owners and brands how to
grow on Instagram. But this past
weekend, I was going to a local Pokemon
card show and I wanted cash fast. Yes, I
have cash in my wallet and yes, I could
go to the ATM and pull some cash out of
my bank, but I didn't want to do those
things. Instead, I just wanted a quick
boost of cash before I headed to the
Pokemon card show, which by the way, got
some nice pickups. Got a nice Brock's
Mankey, which is my favorite Pokemon.
And obviously, my name is Brock. And I
got this Beckett 10 Annihilate, another
one of my favorite Pokemon. So, that was
pretty awesome. But I digress. I got the
money to afford these Pokemon cards by
going on Facebook Marketplace and
selling an old electric skateboard that
is pretty expensive, but I hadn't really
ridden in the last few years. Now, if
you clicked on this episode because you
want to make $10,000 this year on
Instagram and you're willing to accept
that it's going to take some time,
energy, and effort to get there, stick
around and let's get into it. Like I
just said, this is going to take time.
Realistically, I think it's definitely
possible to make $10,000 on Instagram
within a 90-day window, but there are
variables at play here. It could take
you less. It's probably going to take
you at least 90 days, if not more. But
in order to make money on Instagram,
besides just time, you need one of two,
if not both of the two following things.
For the past few decades, we have lived
in the information economy. Information
is what people paid for, and information
was a premium. But now, thanks to the
internet and social media and AI,
information is everywhere, anything is a
quick Google or a chat GPT search away.
And so now, the two most important
variables for doing business, especially
online, are attention and trust. And you
can make money with just one of the two.
But it's much easier if you have both.
Because, for example, if you have
everyone's attention, but no one trusts
you, well, then not very many people are
actually going to be willing to buy from
you. And vice versa, if the people who
follow you trust you, but you don't have
their attention, they're not paying
attention to or even seeing your posts,
well then it's going to be hard for them
to know that there's even a sale taking
place. Gary Vee, the well-known
entrepreneur who has been a guest on
this podcast in the past, says that the
currency of business is attention. And
before you can sell anything, you need
to have someone's attention. If you
don't have that, you have nothing. Also,
it's important to consider the fact that
we are more distracted now than ever
before. Whether you're watching or
listening to this podcast, odds are
you're doing something else while you're
watching it. Maybe this is up on your TV
right now and you have your phone open
at the same time. Maybe you're listening
to the audio version of this podcast and
you're working out at the same time. Our
attention is more divided than ever
before in human history. There are more
things calling out for our attention on
a daily basis. And so that means more
distractions and more things that are
preventing your potential customers from
finding, hearing about, seeing, or
taking advantage of whatever it is that
you're selling. Also, trust is at a
premium these days. We've all gone
through the last 5 years where we're all
left asking the question, who can I
trust? Where can I get my news? What
information is real? What is fake news?
What facts are facts? And what facts are
fiction? Regardless of what you believe
or where you fall in the political
spectrum, we are all desperate to find
people we can trust. According to a
metaanalysis of over 2,000 studies done
on consumer behavior from the year 1970
to the present day, trust has been shown
to be an exceptional influence on
purchasing decisions. Prior to the year
2020, trust was an important factor in
making a purchasing decision. But post
2020, it has skyrocketed up most surveys
and most studies up into the top three
most influential factors when making a
purchasing decision. So, how does this
relate to Instagram and how can it help
make you $10,000 on Instagram this year?
Here are the four different ways that
you can monetize attention on Instagram
in 2025. The first is a general category
that I will call payper view. Many of
you may have heard of the reals bonuses
program. This was a program that was
originally rolled out in 2021 that was
offering individuals on Instagram up to
$35,000
a month just for getting views on their
reels. It was a way for Instagram to
incentivize posting more reels. And
mission accomplished, there are now more
people posting reels than ever before.
Personally, during those early months of
reels bonuses, it was very lucrative. I
personally made over $7,000 that first
month, and my subsequent months were
pretty close to that number as well. And
we even had some Insta Club students who
reported making $35,000, the maximum
limit from Real's bonuses. I will say
even back then to reach that $35,000
limit, you had to get millions upon
millions of views every single month.
The month where I made over $7,000, I
believe I received about 30,000 total
views over the course of that month. But
like I said, this is now called the
bonuses program and is no longer called
the reals bonuses program. And actually,
over the last few years, Instagram has
been reducing access to the reals
bonuses program. So now you can't even
apply for the program. You have to get
randomly selected to be invited. It's
kind of like a lottery system. The
criteria for getting invited to the
reals bonuses program is you have to
meet Instagram's monetization policies,
which is something that is true for all
Instagram monetization that I'm about to
mention, you have to meet their policies
and guidelines. So instead of being a
broken record and repeating that every
time, just assume if you want to get
paid by Instagram directly, you have to
play by their rules and meet their
monetization policies. 99% of people
watching today will meet their policies.
But if you want to read up and make
sure, you can do so on Instagram's blog,
which we will link up in the show notes
down below. But besides just meeting the
monetization policies, you also have to
be over the age of 18. You have to have
a professional profile, which means
either having a business or a creator
account. And currently, you have to live
in the USA. But again, the bonuses
program is pretty random. It's hard to
obtain. It's invite only, and it's kind
of like a lottery system. And again,
even if you are lucky enough to join the
reals bonuses or any of the other
bonuses programs, you're only going to
make a substantial amount of money if
you have a substantial amount of
attention. We're talking 10 million plus
views every single month. The second
kind of pay-per-view on Instagram is
what's called the ads payments. Turning
on this feature essentially allows
advertisers or anyone who is running an
ad on Instagram to put a banner ad on
your reel. So, as someone is scrolling
through their reels tab, there might be
a little banner at the bottom with an
advertisement. Of course, the
advertisement is not going to have to do
with you or your business. So, it's
literally someone else's ad for someone
else's product or service or business on
your post. Because of that, it's
essentially direct competition. And most
people choose to turn this feature off.
I also think most people choose to have
this feature turned off because they
either don't know about it or if they do
know about it, they recognize that it's
not going to pay you very much. I've
tested this on my own profile and my
average with about 10 million views per
month is about $10 from this program.
So, no, this isn't necessarily the
strategy that I would recommend if your
goal is $10,000. The second way that you
can monetize your attention on Instagram
is with inapp purchases or donations. If
you've ever watched a live streamer,
this is basically what we're talking
about on Instagram. When you give a
donation to someone who is going live,
it is called a badge. So, if you've ever
been on one of my Instagram lives, you
might have seen that some very generous
people have given me a badge. It's
basically just a gift or a donation or a
tip, and it usually equates to around $1
per donation. You can also receive this
style of donations on your feed posts.
On feed posts, these are called gifts,
which is much more of an appropriate
name, but again, it's very seldom used.
It's very hard to make a substantial
amount of money from live badges or
gifts because it's just not very popular
on Instagram and it requires a lot of
attention in order to make a lot of
money. For example, the most amount of
money that I have ever made from badges
or donations during a single live stream
was $253.81.
And that came during a 1-hour live
stream that had approximately a thousand
concurrent viewers over the course of
about an hour and a half. I don't mean
to start this podcast off on such a
negative note, but I want you to be
realistic. Making money on Instagram
from pay-per-view, from reals, bonuses,
from ads, payouts, from gifts or
donations, it's just not very realistic
unless you already have a massive
audience. But with that being said, the
third way that you can monetize
attention on Instagram is a little bit
more lucrative and it's definitely more
reliable and it's a feature that they
added about 2 years ago called inapp
subscriptions. You can now turn on
subscriptions on Instagram where people
can pay as low as a dollar a month or as
high as $99 per month. And in exchange
for that payment, you get to choose what
exclusive content they receive access
to. This can include subscriberonly
stories, subscriberonly Instagram lives,
subscriberonly broadcast channels, and
even subscriberonly feed posts and
reels. I do know some people who are
making thousands of dollars a month from
Instagram subscriptions. The cool thing
about Instagram subscriptions is that
Instagram takes 0%. They don't take any
of it. But because the subscription is
facilitated through the app store, I
believe that the app store takes about
30% of every purchase. But like I said,
this is successful in some niches. I
have seen quite a few people who are in
the fitness industry offer exclusive
workouts or exclusive in-depth trainings
and technique videos for their
subscribers. Once upon a time, I had
Instagram subscriptions turned on as a
way for people to see more behind the
scenes and day in the lifestyle content.
And I have seen some food bloggers and
recipe creators turn on subscriptions to
give their subscribers kind of a sneak
peek or early access to certain recipes.
With that being said though, I'm a
bigger fan of off Instagram
subscriptions. While it might seem
appealing to just keep everything in one
place, you lose a lot of control by
having in-app Instagram subscriptions
because a the app store is taking a
significant cut of your monthly
subscription revenue and b you're
totally at Instagram's will. If
Instagram gets rid of subscriptions or
if they change what features you have
access to, or if you lose access to your
Instagram account because you get hacked
or banned or disabled or anything, you
lose access to all of that income. You
also have no way to contact those
people. you don't have their email
addresses or their phone numbers or any
ways to interact with them unless it's
facilitated through Instagram. So, it's
definitely better. And because it's a
month after month subscription, it's
definitely more reliable and predictable
than the previous two forms of
monetization that we've talked about,
but it's still not necessarily the one
that I would recommend for you, unless
you have a massive audience that is just
dying for that kind of exclusive
content. And to be honest, getting
people to actually subscribe to your
Instagram is not just about attention,
it's also about trust. Speaking of one
last form of monetization, last but
definitely not least form of
monetization that requires attention and
trust is brand deals. Brand deals, also
known as brand partnerships, also known
as influencer marketing, is essentially
where a company will pay you to post for
them. Now, brand deals can be super
lucrative. And like I said, they don't
just require attention, they also
require trust. I've personally done over
six figures in brand deals for each of
the last three years. So, if you want to
learn more about brand deals, let me
know down in the comments below. It's
not something that we frequently cover
here on Build Your Tribe. We have
covered it in the past, but if you want
a new updated lesson on how to get brand
deals, best practices, how to pitch
yourself, and all of that, let me know
down in the comments. But, like I said,
we have covered it in the past. My mom
and I did an episode together called How
to Get Brand Deals with a Small
Following. So, I'll link that up in the
show notes. And that was from about 2
years ago. And then last year I did an
episode of Build Your Tribe about how
much you should charge for brand deals.
Again, if you have a small following and
again I will link that up in the show
notes, but again I'm I'm a broken record
right now. If you want me to do an
updated podcast about brand deals, just
let me know in the comments. And if
enough people say that they want it,
then I'll make sure that happens. But
the really cool thing about brand deals
is that increasingly brands are starting
to work with people who have less and
less and less followers because they're
seeing a much higher engagement rate and
thus a much greater ROI return on
investment from working with these small
nano or micro influencers. So, even if
you're someone who only has a few
thousand or even just a few hundred
followers on Instagram, if your audience
is engaged, if you have their attention,
and if you have their trust, it can be
quite a lucrative way to make some money
on Instagram. But like I said,
subscriptions and especially brand deals
are not just going to require attention.
They're also going to require trust.
Considering everything we've talked
about so far, I think that brand deals
are your best, most reliable, or most
predictable way to make $10,000 on
Instagram this year. But now, let's move
into what I would actually recommend.
The ways that you can monetize Instagram
that don't rely on Instagram paying you
or some other brand paying you, that
instead are going to require time,
attention, and trust, but are ultimately
the most secure, reliable, and
predictable ways to make money on
Instagram. If your goal is to make
$10,000 on Instagram this year, sell
something. That's how business works.
You have to sell something. Instagram is
a marketing tool. It is a tool to get
attention, is a tool to get eyeballs, to
get clicks, and to get people who
convert into becoming customers. But
ultimately, for someone to make a
purchase, for someone to become a
customer, they have to be buying
something. So, let's talk about the
different options that you have for
stuff to sell on Instagram. The stuff
that you're selling on Instagram is
generally going to fall into one of two
categories. It's either going to be a
product or a service. And within both
products and services, we have two
different kinds, digital and physical.
Let's go through each of these one by
one and I'll give you an example. First,
services that are digital. This usually
takes the form of virtual coaching
calls. Think of me and you hopping on a
Zoom and me giving you some feedback and
some tips to help you grow on Instagram.
The idea behind digital services is that
I'm not giving you something. I'm doing
something for you. Maybe you have a kid
who wants to play division one college
football. And so the digital service
that I'm going to offer is I will watch
their highlight tape and tell you some
things that I would recommend changing
in order to help them get recruited
more. Maybe you're a mom who owns a
small business and I'm an organizational
expert. So I'm going to hop on a Zoom
with you and you're going to carry me on
your laptop through your house and I'm
going to help you get organized and help
you build systems and routines so that
your life doesn't feel so chaotic. I
highly encourage you to pause this video
right now and brainstorm some digital
services that you could offer to your
audience based off your own background
or experiences. Moving on, services
don't just have to be digital. They
could also be physical. So, all those
examples I just gave, instead of selling
the virtual consultation, we could do it
in person. I could come to your house
and help you organize everything. I
could take your high school student
athlete and coach them and run them
through some drills and some techniques
to increase the likelihood that they're
going to be recruited. Physical services
are your landscapers who cut your grass,
the people who come and pick up your
trash every week. They are the people
who will wash your cars. Those are
physical services. And just because
they're existing and taking place in the
physical world doesn't mean that they
can't be sold on Instagram. Besides
services, the other thing that you could
sell is products. Physical products is
pretty self-explanatory. It's everything
around you right now. It's phone cases.
It's water bottles. It's beanies and
apparel. Physical products are
everywhere. And I don't need to go in
depth explaining physical products. What
I will say is that creating physical
products is what most people's minds
jump to when they think building a
business on social media. They think,
"Oh, I'm going to sell hoodies or I'm
going to sell this handmade necklaces or
I'm going to sell merchandise." And I
think our brains automatically jump to
that conclusion because we're surrounded
by physical products. But creating
physical products is challenging. You
have to go through manufacturing and
warehousing and shipping and there's
just a lot that goes into creating
physical products. It is definitely
easier now than ever before because
there are so many services online that
can make it easy for you. But creating
physical products is tough and is not
necessarily what I would recommend when
you're first getting started. The final
thing that you could sell and thus the
final way that you could monetize your
Instagram is with digital products.
Digital products often take the form of
ebooks or courses or digital guides or
memberships like our Insta Club hub.
Because it's a product, I'm not
necessarily doing anything for you. I'm
giving you something. And the cool thing
about digital products, unlike physical
products, is with physical products, I
have this one journal. And if I sell
this one journal, I now have zero
journals to sell. And I have to go to a
manufacturer to make more journals to
sell more journals. And I have to charge
people more than the manufacturer is
charging me to make them. It's a pain.
But with digital products, I can create
infinite copies of an ebook. I can
create infinite loginins to my
membership. I can create infinite access
to my course and anyone on the internet
can purchase access to it. In the
digital world, the shipping and
manufacturing and warehousing that a
physical product would have is replaced
by basically the cost of wherever you're
hosting your course or the cost of your
email marketing platform or the cost of
wherever it is that you are selling your
digital stuff. The final thing that I
will say about selling something is you
don't actually have to sell something
that you have made. There's this term
called affiliate marketing which
essentially refers to taking a product
or service that someone else has made
and selling it for them in exchange for
a commission. It's kind of like being a
salesperson, but you're not employed by
the person who created the thing that
you're selling. You're just selling it
whenever you feel like it, whenever you
please. When I was first getting started
in online business, one of my buddies
had a reusable water bottle company. And
it was before Hydro Flasks were super
popular. And so his reusable water
bottle company uh created these
insulated bottles. It kept your cold
drinks cold, your hot drinks hot. And I
believe like 20% of every sale went
towards building wells in impoverished
and droughtstricken areas. And so in my
early days, this was before I was even
on Instagram. This is when I was just on
Snapchat, but I had a decent audience. I
had about 10,000 daily viewers on
Snapchat and these people trusted me
because they were getting a peak into my
life every single day. And so I started
promoting my buddy's water bottle
company. And over the course of a year,
I made $10,000 by being an affiliate for
my buddy's water bottle company. So
again, while it might seem daunting to
sell something online, keep in mind,
calm those nerves by telling yourself
that you actually don't have to create
something to sell. One of the great easy
ways to get started is to sell something
that someone else has created. Of
course, it's not necessarily going to be
as lucrative because you're getting a
20, 30, 40% commission fee instead of a
100% sales fee, but it solves the
problem of not having to create the
product yourself. All right, now that we
have covered all the different ways that
you can monetize Instagram, how are you
actually going to go about making
$10,000 on Instagram this year? Here's
what I would suggest based off
everything we have covered. Number one,
start by building trust rather than
attention. Rather than trying to go
viral and get a bunch of followers,
focus on building a connection, a
relationship, and trust with the
followers that you do have. Of course,
you could watch some of our past build
your tribe episodes about going viral,
about creating shareworthy content in
order to get more views, but make sure
that your focus is building trust. And
in order to build trust, there's
actually a formula. And it comes from
the book by Dan Sullivan called the
trust formula. And here is the trust
formula. Trust equals credibility plus
reliability plus intimacy all divided by
self-orientation. And let me tell you
what each of these terms mean and how
they apply to Instagram. Credibility is
simply your experiences. Often times the
voice in the back of our head, the
imposttor syndrome will tell us that we
need to be experts. And if we aren't the
world's leading expert in a certain
subject, well then no one's going to
trust us and we're not going to be able
to sell a product about fitness unless
we have a rockhard six-pack. But that's
not true. Instead, what credibility
means in order to build trust is simply,
do you have experience with what you're
talking about? You don't need to be an
expert, but you need to at least have
experience in whatever it is that you
are going to be selling. In the example
of my buddy's water bottle that I was an
affiliate for, I had experience because
a the company was created by my friend
and b I had like seven different of his
reusable water bottles and I would show
them off all the time. So I had
experience with the water bottles and
with the water bottle company. I wasn't
necessarily a reusable water bottle
expert or a hydration expert or anything
like that, but I had experience. The R
reliability is quite simply can people
count on you to be consistent? And when
I say consistent, I don't just mean
posting every single day. I mean posting
about the same topics. Can people rely
on you the majority of time when you are
posting on Instagram to talk about
whatever it is that you are ultimately
going to be selling? And I don't
necessarily mean that you need to be
talking about your product, but take me
and my current Instagram for example.
99% of my posts on Instagram are about
helping you grow on Instagram, helping
you build a business on Instagram,
helping you become an entrepreneur and
make money through Instagram. And so
people know that they can rely on me for
that kind of content. If my content was
about me snowboarding and my date with
Tay and my dogs and every other thing
that I was interested in doing, you
couldn't rely on me. You couldn't count
on me for tips and advice and stories
and relatability and humor. that all
revolved around the topic that I will
ultimately be creating a product about.
So reliability is quite simply can
people count on you? And again, trust
takes time. And so one of the ways that
you prove to people that you are
reliable is you show up over the course
of weeks if not months if not years
posting about that topic. Not trying to
be an expert, but simply showing us your
experience. And then the I intimacy on
Instagram basically means are you being
authentic? Are you being truthful? Are
you showing the whole picture or are you
only showing the highlight reel? I think
one of the really, really cool things
about the present day of social media is
that we all crave realness and
authenticity. And we are all kind of put
off by the fake, photoshopped,
perfected, polished fake life that so
many influencers from 10 years ago were
posting online. And so as you are
building trust with your audience, as
you are consistently and reliably
showing up talking about one topic,
showing us your experiences, not your
expertise, but your experiences in order
to build your credibility. One of the
great things you can do is you can show
us your mistakes, you can show us your
failures, you can talk about your
journey, you can talk about your issues.
My sister a few years ago launched a
beauty brand and during the process of
creating and launching the products and
that brand altogether she took her
audience along on the journey with her
showing them the ups and downs the
trials tribulations and challenges of
creating a physical product going
through manufacturing dealing with tests
and laboratories to create the actual
makeup and dealing with warehousing and
shipping and distribution and creating
the label and the logo and all of that
that went into it, including the
mistakes she made along the way. And so
when it was time to launch, people were
that much more bought in to the product
and she had to explain it that much less
because they had been intimately
involved in the process during the
building phase. And C plus R plus I is
all divided by self-orientation.
Self-orientation basically means what's
in it for you. What are you all about?
Because if you're all about the money,
if you're all about making a sale,
people are going to be able to smell
that. People can tell. We can all tell.
Can't you tell when someone's trying to
sell you something just cuz they're
trying to sell you something compared to
when someone's trying to sell you
something because they know it can help
you, because they know it can serve you,
because they know it's going to
transform your life. Self-orientation is
obvious. And so, even though you are a
business owner, and even though you want
to make money, and even though your goal
is to make money, and even though you
clicked on this episode because you want
to learn how to make $10,000 on
Instagram this year, it's important to
remember that your why should not be
centered in making more money. It should
be helping more people, solving more
problems, or serving people better.
Because I believe that as entrepreneurs,
ultimately, we are just paid problem
solvers. Now that you understand how to
build trust with your audience, let's
talk about what are you actually going
to sell. I gave you a bunch of options
before. for I gave you a bunch of
different possibilities of ways that you
could make $10,000. But ultimately,
making $10,000 is very simple. Take the
number 10,000 and there's two variables
that need to equal $10,000 in order to
make $10,000. The first variable is how
many customers you have or how many
sales you're going to make. And the
second variable is how expensive is your
product. If you want to make $10,000 and
you're selling a $10 ebook, then of
course you're going to have to sell
a,000 ebooks to hit $10,000. And if you
have 372 followers on Instagram, it's
going to be tough to make a,000 sales.
Now, over time, you could grow your
following. You could reach more people.
You could have sales from people who
don't necessarily even follow you. But
making a,000 sales with less than a,000
followers is going to be tough without
something changing. Let's swap those two
numbers in the equation. If you want to
make $10,000 and you're selling a $1,000
product, then you only need to make 10
sales. Now, for many people, selling
something for $1,000 sounds very scary.
I recognize that. But I think this is a
mistake that a lot of people make early
on in their entrepreneurship journey or
early on when they're trying to monetize
their social media. We have this thought
of, I don't have a lot of followers, so
probably not very many people are going
to trust me. I don't have that much
expertise yet. I don't have a big
audience. I'm not like well-known or
famous and so I can't charge very much.
Maybe as you're watching this episode
today, you've had that thought yourself.
And I understand that thought. It is a
very normal thing to feel. But I want to
challenge that belief because I think
that's a limiting belief. I think that's
an imposttor syndrome belief. I think
that there is something in the back of
your head that's trying to keep you
playing small because you have a
relatively small audience and so you're
going to charge a relatively low fee.
you're going to charge $10 and you have
372 followers. And so even if every
single one of your followers purchased,
you would only be at $3,720.
And so I believe one of the best ways to
monetize your social media and build a
business online when you're first
getting started is to charge a higher
ticket, but look for a lower volume of
customers. Let me give you an example.
When I was first getting started with
this whole Instagram coaching business,
I did not create a course. I did not
create an ebook. I did not create a low
ticket or inexpensive offer because I
didn't have a lot of followers. Instead,
when I was first getting started and I
had less than 10,000 followers, I
started with one-on-one coaching. Why
did I start with one-on-one coaching?
Because I could charge more. There is a
higher perceived value in spending a
one-hour call together with me giving
you feedback and tips and accountability
than there is in some pre-recorded
lessons or a pretty seven-page PDF
guide. There's more value in the humanto
human interaction. And so instead of
starting with a digital product, I
started with a high ticket digital
service. Basically one-on-one coaching
via Zoom. The other cool thing about
getting started in this way is that
there was no real setup. Yes, I had to
figure out a way to accept payments. But
then there was no course. There was no
videos I had to make. There was no
guides. I didn't have to distribute
anything. I didn't have to host a course
or a membership somewhere. I could just
email people the link to our next Zoom
session. And as long as I was on the
Zoom session at the time that we had
agreed to, we were good to go. So, to
say this another way, to hit the same
monetary goal, if you are charging a
higher fee, you need less customers. And
if you have a lower following, if you
don't have a ton of attention yet, it
can be easier to sell 10 people on a
$1,000 offer than it is to sell a,000
people on a $10 offer. Some of you may
know my good friend and fellow Instagram
coach, Marketing Harry, and this is
exactly what he did when he was first
getting started with his Instagram
coaching. He didn't have a lot of
followers yet. And so instead of
creating an online course or a guide, he
sold a comprehensive Instagram
management package where he would create
content for you and come up with your
strategy and uh pick apart your brand
and help you grow on Instagram at a very
hightouch, highly involved level. But
obviously instead of charging $40 for
this, he charged $4,000 for this. And so
for him to hit $10,000 on Instagram, he
only had to make three sales. Another
great example of this was someone who I
had on my old interview podcast, Social
Media Money Makers. Her name was Kelly
Learden, and she made over $30,000 in
one weekend with less than a,000
followers. In fact, she had like $940
followers at the time, and she made over
$30,000 because she was selling a high
ticket mastermind. And so, it was like
12 weeks of guided business coaching
within this small group. And so, there
was a very high perceived value, very
hightouch. She was very involved in each
of these clients and customers who ended
up purchasing. But because of that, she
was able to charge a premium. And so,
she didn't need to get all 900 of her
followers to see her post and make a
purchase. She only had to have like 15
of her followers see a post and make a
purchase. So, as scary as this may
sounds, if you're just getting started
on Instagram, if you're just building
your brand or your following, consider
selling a high ticket, hightouch, high
value offer because you need a lower
volume of customers. And that way, you
can reach $10,000 faster. It will give
you confidence. It will give you proof
of concept. and you can learn from that
mastermind or that coaching or whatever
it is that you are actually selling to
inform your future courses and ebooks
and guides. The final thing that I will
say is this. You clicked on this video
because you want to learn how to
monetize your Instagram in 2025. You
want to learn how to make money on
Instagram. And I hope by now you realize
that there are a lot of ways to make
that happen. Some will be easier than
others. Some will take more time than
others. Some will be more lucrative than
others. But ultimately, it's really
going to matter where your heart is at.
I believe that if you approach this
whole building a business on Instagram
thing from a place of serving, you're
going to have so much more fun. Your
audience is going to be so much more
engaged. The content that you create is
going to be so much better. It's going
to be so much more valuable, so much
more entertaining and educational. Focus
on serving rather than selling.
Ultimately, the products or services
that you create are going to just be an
extension of that. They're going to be a
way that you can serve people better in
a more intimate or comprehensive
capacity. They're going to be a way that
you can provide results faster for
people. But ultimately, the thing that
you're selling is going to be about the
transformation that you can make in your
customers lives, not the transaction
that's going to take place between their
credit card and your bank account.
Building a business on Instagram is not
easy. It's not going to happen
overnight. But if you can make sure that
your head and your heart are in the
right place, if you can make sure that
your intentions are pure, if you can
make sure to focus on serving your
audience, building trust, building
relationships and connections, you will
have success, not immediately, but
eventually and definitely. Thank you so
much for listening today and as always,
happy networking.